Djano is a tool used in Python to create web applications

Django is made up of Apps, which store different parts of the website

Apps usually contain the following information:
- Models
- Views
- Templates
- URLs

You let Django know about all the apps in your website by declaring them in your Apps settings file

Views are what Django produces when a user searches the website
Views can be used ass classes, which are called class based Views

The main difference between class based and function based views are how they extended logic

Most documentation is written using function based views - LEARN THESE

We create paths to tell Django which view to use when a person searches a specific website

A solid understanding of the standard Django templating format is important

Models are class based representations of our database tables

A model class will represent a table, and an object will represent a column

You will also need to know how to use Djangos built in ORM

Learn about CRUD operatiopns (Create, Read, Update, Delete)

Static files are a big part of Django as they help format the website visually.
This could include the following:
- Styles: CSS files
- JS: Javascript files
- Images: Display or user uploaded Images

5 Most Comman Commands:
- startproject
- startapp
- makemigrations
- migrate
- createsuperuser

Signals are powerful for when listening to events that may happen. It can then
fire off an action 

Django provides us with an SQLite database

Every Django beginner should be able to deploy their application (AWS)

Django gives us alot of premade functionality
- Admin Site 
- ORM
- Authentication
- Caching

How to web works
- Front end 
- Back end 
- URL: Uniform Resource Locator
- HTTP: Hyper Text Transfer Protocol, defines how clients and servers communicate
- HTML: Hyper Text Markup Language: How a website is formatted, generates website
- If we push the responsibility for generating the website on the client, the server can handle more users
- THe server provides an API: Application Programming Interface
- Django is a server side application (back end)

Creating a Virtual Environment:

When creating Django projects you need to create a virtual Environment
This ensures there are no clashing dependancies between projects
They keep your project isolated.
Allows the computer to have multiple versions of Django and Python installed on the machine without them clashing with eachother

So if you switch between packages, libraries or versions it does not affect other projects because you are only making the changes
within the given virtual Environment

For example, if you are working on an open source project that uses django 1.5, but you have django 1.9 installed, you will get loads
of errors when you try and run the code. And if you try to downgrade to django 1.5, then it may work but all your other projects that
were built using django 1.9 will now no longer work.

Creating a virtual environment allows isolation of dependancies, enabling the installation and management of project specific requirements
without impacting the global python or Django installation on your machine. Using a virtual env gives you complete control of the packages
and tools used for a given project and makes sure that they do not clash with other projects

You essentially download a local installation of Python and Django within the virtual environment that no longer interferes with anything
outside of that environement

'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''
    Django project - Django REST framework: Caleb Curry
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

manage.py is a wrapper around the django admin that does a little extra setup

"manage.py migrate" migrates the data structure for the databases. It creates the databases

Django has an admin page that lets you see the tables and the data inside of the tables

This is handy when building an API as you can check everything is working

'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''
     Creating Admin Username and Password
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

We create an admin for Django by creating a 'super user'

This is done using the following terminal command: "python manage.py createsuperuser"

To add our own users to the application we need to create a model.

Create a models.py file within the project folder 'mysite'. This is where you can define the classes
for different models, e.g. drink name and description, so that coloumns can be created within the 
database for this data

We then want to migrate the model

We need to add the app 'mysite' we have made into the Django settings so it can see it

A migration in Django is a way of applying and tracking changes to your database schema.
Think of migrations as the Git for your database structure.
It essentially tracks the changes, ensures they are safe, and then commits them to the database

When you create a migration, Django will create a migrations folder, that will create a new .py file every time a migration is made.
Inside these py files will detail the changes made to the database during that migration

Even if we declare a migration using 'makemigrations', this only documents/tracks the changes.
To actually apply these changes we need to then use 'manage.py migrate' again.

We also need to create an admin file within our project 'mysite'
You dont need to use the default Django admin site if you don't want to

If we want to create a REST API, we also need to add 'rest_framework' to the Django INSTALLED_APPS list in settings.py

We then need to make 'serializers.py' which will convert the python object into JSON 

We also need to create an endpoint for the API. Destination for data 

We need to say what URL will hit this view. What HTTP address will trigger this webpage to be displayed.
To do this we need to create a PATH

We now have a working API with Django that retrieves data from a database and displays it on a website. For this application it is drinks and list of drinks

TIMESTAMP: 